Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I am going
to explain the fifth and sixth episodes
of the South Korean survival drama “Squid
Game” called “A fair world” and “Gganbu”
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
In the previous episode, Gi-hun’s team
was about to lose the game of tug of war,
so Sangwoo thought of a last-minute plan. He
asked everyone to loosen their grip on the rope
for a few seconds so their opponents would fall
down. As they do, Gi-hun, who was at the front,
almost falls off the bridge. But the plan
works, and their opponents trip and fall,
losing their hold on the rope. The team uses this
opportunity to pull the rope harder than ever and
finally wins the game. They lie on the ground in
exhaustion, feeling the adrenaline rush in their
bodies. While returning back to their room, the
girl who Saebyeok had recruited, Jiyeong, makes
fun of a team member who happens to be a priest.
They return to the room to see Deoksu’s team
talking to each other. Minyeo stares at the man,
subtly telling him she doesn’t need him anymore.
The group then sits together while talking. Minyeo
tries to charm everyone so they would favor her.
She also belittles Ali for being a foreigner
and asks for his passport. As they talk,
it is announced that the lights will be off in
some minutes. They know people might start killing
at night, so the group plans to make a barricade
and stay awake in pairs to keep watch.
As they try to build a safe zone using the bunk
beds, Deoksu approaches Gi-hun and makes fun of
him for thinking the beds can stop them from being
killed. Gi-hun, on the other hand, warns him of
his own team members. He thinks since Deoksu has
been ordering them around, he might be their first
target. His words get into Deoksu’s head, so he
tells his team that they won’t be killing tonight.
Ilnam offers to be the first one to keep watch,
saying that old people do not need to sleep. But
the kind man is told to shut up by a new member
because they cannot keep an old man as a guard.
Soon the lights go out, and Sangwoo and Ali
stay awake to guard the others. Ali thanks
Sangwoo for saving his life today and hands
him a corn that he had saved for him. Sangwoo
breaks it in half, and the two enjoy the corn
while talking. He asks Ali to call him “Hyung”,
which means big brother in Korean. They share
stories about how they ended up in the game.
After a while, Sangwoo wakes
Gi-hun to swap the duties.
Deoksu also can’t seem to fall asleep
with the fear of being killed. He
realises that the doctor who had gone to the
washroom isn’t back yet. Meanwhile, the police
officer Junho is taken to the room where some
staff secretly harvest the dead player’s organs.
He finds out that the man he killed on the ship
was also involved in the secret program. The
doctor is also there performing the procedures.
He gets into an argument with the staff
for being slow. Back in the room, Ilnam joins
Gi-hun to keep watch. Gi-hun tells him how he
was not paid for ten years worth of work because
the car company he worked at was at a loss. Ilnam
sympathizes with him and starts crying all of a
sudden. Gi-hun tries to calm him and realises that
the old man has a fever. He makes him lay down
but doesn’t have water to help reduce his fever.
Saebyeok offers him some, and the two put Inam
to sleep. It is now their turn to keep watch.
Meanwhile, the doctor gets done harvesting the
organs and hands them to Junho and another staff
who are supposed to dive underwater and give
them to the buyers in the sea. After they leave,
he asks the others about tomorrow’s game. But it
turns out even they do not know what it will be.
The doctor freaks out, saying that he will be
killed if they do not tell him. He holds one of
them hostage and asks the other staff to figure
out about the game quickly. They get into a fight
leading the doctor to run out to the hallways.
But he gets lost in the maze and doesn’t know
how to return. A staff member follows him to the
playground where the game honeycomb was played.
He asks the doctor to calm down because if
they are caught all of them will be killed.
The doctor asks him to show his face so that he
can trust him. The two are talking when suddenly,
the overseer of the facility shoots the staff.
He then says that he doesn’t care what the staff
does with the dead bodies but they aren’t
allowed to tell the players about the games.
That ruins the main essence of the facility,
that is equality. He then kills the man while
the other staff shoots the doctor dead.
At the same time, Junho and a staff member
go down through an emergency exit which the man
claims are for the VIPs. Junho vaguely asks him
about the VIPs, but the man reveals no one knows
who they are. He becomes suspicious of Junho for
inquiring so much and asks him to open his mask.
The man finds out Junho is a different person,
but before he can react, Junho points his gun
at him. He inquires about his brother, but the
man doesn’t know anything about him. But he tells
him about the players’ information file in their
overseer’s room, where he can find his brother’s
information. A secret stairway that leads him
to the overseer’s room lies nearby. Junho shoots
the man dead and enters the overseer’s room.
After he is gone, the overseer and the staff come
downstairs to see the man who was killed by Junho.
The overseer takes the bullet out of his body
and realises it belongs to a policeman. The
staff are ordered to find the man as soon as
possible. An alarm starts blaring, waking the
players up. They are quickly made to line up in
the middle by the staff. Ilnam refuses to get up
because it turns out he had peed himself at night.
Meanwhile, Junho is in the overseer’s room, where
he finds the files of every single person who has
ever participated in the game. He figures that the
games have been played for many years now.
The players are then made to stand in lines in
the middle of the room. Gi-hun helps Ilnam by
tying his jacket around the old man’s waist,
so he wouldn’t be embarrassed. After that, the
players are then taken outside through the halls,
where everyone is horrified to see the dead
bodies of the doctor and the staff who helped
him being hung to the ceiling. An announcement
is made saying that this will happen to anyone
who breaks the rules for his own benefit. In the
meantime, Junho is still in the overseer’s office,
taking pictures of the documents he thinks are
important. He is searching for his brother’s
file when he hears a phone ringing outside.
The overseer comes into the room and picks it
up. He talks to a foreign man in English about a
minor disturbance that happened between the staff
and assures the person on the other end everything
will be good when the VIPs arrive. After the
overseer leaves, Junho picks up the phone and
tries to call the number but to no avail.
In the meantime, the players are taken to an
empty white room where they will have to separate
in a group of two each. Gi-hun’s team needs
to separate as well; they look at each other
in confusion, knowing that they will have
to go against each other now. Minyeo tries
to sweet-talk Gi-hun to team up with her. When
he doesn’t speak, she makes her way to Sangwoo,
who also declines her offer. Sangwoo asks Ali
to be his teammate, and the two look at Gi-hun
to see if he objects. Gi-hun asks them to go
ahead and starts looking for a teammate himself.
Ilnam makes his way towards him, but Gi-hun
knows he cannot win with an old man as his
partner so he apologises to him. Ilnam simply
gives him his jacket saying that the others might
look down upon him if he doesn’t have one.
Gi-hun feels bad for the man but goes looking
for a member anyway. Saebyeok and Jiyeong
join hands as well. A man asks Gi-hun to be
his teammate. He reveals that since the doctor
is dead, it leaves an odd number of players. So,
the one with no partner will probably be killed.
Gi-hun looks at Ilnam sitting alone in a corner
and feels awful for abandoning him, so
he asks the old man to be his partner.
In the end, the one person who doesn’t have a
partner is Minyeo. She makes a fuss about them
not being able to win without her. As the players
make their way to play the game, she is taken away
by the guards. The players are then brought to
a mock neighbourhood with several houses and
streets. Ilnam and Gi-hun talk about the allyways
looking like their childhood homes while Ali
and Sangwoo promise each other that they will
win the money together for their families.
However, all their plans fail when it is announced
that the pairs will be going against each other.
They are given ten marbles each and are told
to play any game they want to with them.
Most of them choose either a game where you should
throw the marbles into a pit or a game in which
one guesses how many marbles the other person
has. They are given thirty minutes to complete
the game. Gi-hun is shocked, but Ilnam seems
to be looking at the marbles in fascination.
He has completely forgotten what he was here
for. As the game starts, everyone starts playing,
but Ilnam goes around the blocks looking
for his house. Gi-hun tries to stop him,
but he doesn’t want to play the game, saying
it to be childish. At last, Gi-hun slams the
old man to the wall in frustration, knowing that
both of them will die if they do not play. Ilnam
trembles in fear and accepts to play with him.
At the same time, Ali and Sangwoo, who treat each
other like brothers, have to go against each
other now. Ali doesn’t want to play the game,
but Sangwoo insists they do, or else both of them
will lose. Ali doesn’t even know how to play it,
so Sangwoo teaches him. One of them will have to
keep a certain number of marbles hidden in a fist.
The other one will guess if the number of marbles
in their fist is odd or even. If the guess is
right, all the marbles the person is holding will
go to the person who made the correct guess. The
two start playing, and Ali makes the right guess
at first, taking two of Sangwoo’s marbles.
Eventually, Ali wins all of Sangwoo’s
marbles except one. When people start dying,
Sangwoo claims that he has a way they both can
win. An innocent Ali who doesn’t want to be
the reason Sangwoo dies listens to his plan.
Sangwoo claims that at the end of the game,
people are not going to agree on a winner
because they will nitpick the rules. The
staff will then have only one way to continue,
that is to make one team go against another.
So, they make a deal to go around the playing
zone looking for the players who are older
so they can go against them at the end. Ali
still doesn’t understand Sangwoo's plan,
but agree to do whatever he wants because he
trusts him. Sangwoo also makes him wear his marble
bag on his neck so no one can snatch it.
Meanwhile, Jiyeong and Saebyeok sit together,
not knowing what to do. Saebyeok, being from
North Korea, doesn't know any marble games,
so Ji Yeong offers to teach her. But both
girls do not want to play for thirty minutes,
so they decide to just talk for the most of the
time and bet all of their marbles on one game
at the end. Saebyeok, who normally doesn’t like
to speak much, reveals that her father died while
trying to cross the border, and her mother was
caught by the Chinese police and sent back to
North Korea. She wants to buy a house and bring
her mother back after she wins the money. Jiyeong
laughs, saying that she could do a lot more
than that with the money. Saebyeok innocently
claims she wants to visit Jeju island, to which
Jiyeong offers to go together. They realise that
it cannot happen because one of them will die
today. Jiyeong then reveals that she killed
her abusive father and went to prison. She has no
motive to live for even if she wins the money.
In the meantime, Ilnam and Gi-hun start the
game, and Ilnam wins five of Gi-hun’s marbles
in just the first round. As they go on, Gi-hun is
left with only one marble. He nervously guesses
odd for the number of marbles inside Ilnam’s fist,
only for it to be even. Gi-hun loses the game;
however, Ilnam forgets what Gi-hun had
predicted, allowing him to change his answer.
Starting that round, Gi-hun uses Ilnam’s
dementia to win every round. At last,
Ilnam only has one marble left, but he starts
looking for his house again instead of playing.
Similarly, Deoksu also wins the game against one
of his minions when his marble accidentally falls
into the pit. Now only three minutes of the game
are left. Jiyeong and Saebyeok decide to throw
one marble to the wall, the one who throws the
closest will win. Saebyeok goes first and does
pretty well. But when it is Jiyeong’s turn,
she drops the marble on the ground lazily,
making Saebyeok win. Saebyeok corners her and
asks her to go again because it isn’t fair.
However, Jiyeong claims she has nothing to live
for, unlike her. They say their last goodbyes
before a staff member shoots Jiyeong dead.
Ali, on the other hand, goes looking for Sangwoo
because only a few minutes of the game are
left. But when he checks his bag of marbles,
he realises that his brother-like friend has
betrayed him. Sangwoo had exchanged Ali’s marbles
with pebbles. Ali sheds the last tear, still
in disbelief, before a guard shoots him dead.
Now, only Ilnam and Gi-hun are left. They have to
play one last game for Gi-hun to win. But Ilnam
suggests they bet all their marbles for the last
game. Gi-hun is enraged, claiming that it isn’t
fair. To Gi-hun’s surprise, Ilam reveals that he
knows Gi-hun has been cheating on him. The old
man had faked having dementia to make Gi-hun win.
At last, Ilnam happily hands his last marble to
Gi-hun and thanks him for playing with him. Gi-hun
hugs his friend for the last time and walks out of
the house sobbing. The episode ends as a gunshot
startles him, indicating that Ilnam has been killed.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a
like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.